The Joe Rogan experience.
Like you've heard the they're doing in LA.
We were talking about before the show today that LA they're gonna allow outdoor
dining, but you can't have a TV on
What the does that mean? Who are you?
Who the are you to tell people they can't have a TV on? Like,
what do they have a Jamie? Is there an explanation for.
Why? Why does that matter?
Because it doesn't matter. They're criminals.
These people think they can just tell you what to do.
LA county says no TVs for outdoor diners at local restaurants. What.
Why?
Yeah.
Why does it say why this provision is effective until
further notice? They didn't have to tell you. They don't have to tell you.
These.
Creeps. I mean, I mean, it's, like I said before, it's like,
at least you, don't got to worry about them broadcast and the Corona virus,
sporting events, like we talked about.
Yeah. This is what it says.
It says the broadcast performing to patrons in an effort to keep restaurants
from becoming overcrowded for sporting events, such as the upcoming super bowl.
First of all, there's no evidence that this virus spreads outside. None.
Zero zilch is that you can't find any evidence. There's no studies.
If you look at all the, like,
when they have a pie chart of how the virus spreads,
it spreads and supermarkets, it spreads a little bit and you know,
various indoor businesses. And you know, there's a very small percentage.
You show in restaurants that it's mostly people working in the kitchen that are
catching it. You know, they're in tight quarters, working together all the time.
There's no evidence that it spreads outside none.
So this idea about them being overcrowded, there's no evidence.
Here's the thing, because I remember before LA shut down,
I remember saddle ranch was like pat and stuff and,
but it was outside, but they were like packed. And I was like,
that looks unhealthy to light. That looked like that.
Like they're outside, but they're still close together.
We couldn't do shows right down the.
Street.
And you know why it's because they were about to start doing shows again.
But then somebody caught the health department on the comedy store and then that
shut it down. Why? Because I think it was like a troll.
It was like a troll or somebody who didn't like,
with the comedy store like that. Like, but that's what happened, but what were.
They saying? Like what could they say? They got shut.
Down. They just said that. Um, all I remember is that they said that it was a,
um, that it was like a health problem and stuff like that. And so they,
so they shut it down. But right when we were about,
they was gonna start letting us perform in a parking lot,
like bring back the best of the comedy store in the parking lot. And um,
I guess somebody got it shut down.
That doesn't make.
Any sense. That's up.
So w did you ever see when we have to perform in the window? Yeah,
I did see that. Yeah, that was that that didn't make any sense. It was hard.
No connection, no.
Connection with people.
And I tried to beat the window so many times I can never do it.
I saw that I saw about nail beat the window. I was like, ah, he beat the.
Window. The window Danelle can be Bulletproof glass.
He can be prison glass.
He gonna get his catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for
free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.